with women New Guinea on the sheep with
him
yeah
okay
whoo
we've done economy
the little one
Oh
yes
I am Rob Moore what
or anyone
what
Oh
right now our period opinion
what they found
well then
well kind of work
allow me lunge it tricky it cut the shit
thank you
Oh
and
Yaya
man your :
and well
yeah
and
the winner
when Peggy Tommy the canyon
Pepa
and then we also appear as an admitted
area with the
whether a man who attended
they get to know who
when you eat
we are pretty
a banker
yeah
Helen Helen
copying us
thank you
well anyway looking
what
I knew she lived
the interim yes it will
yeah
okay
accordingly can you share trouble
the Philippine when I
we were
we are aware that the work
we're in
when we are
Oh
you know
ask everyone
what
who
what a fool
the onion
okay
do
a schedule
only
what
well ahem
cuckoo